=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

README.POD - A sample README in a POD format.

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.1

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # Just copy and paste it
  # Or do more sophisticated things using your favorite redactor or IDE!

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Detailed, in-depth desciption of this project.

This one is just a collection of boilerplates to be used and abused in other projects.

=head2 Introduction

What is the idea behind this project, what it struggles to achieve. (This one just collects templates. That's it!)

=head2 Documentation

=head3 Building from source

Some links, descriptions or commands...

=head3 User guide

Links to more documentation pages.

=head3 Version history

What has changed? 

=head1 USED LIBRARIES AND DEPENDENCIES

List of used libraries and dependencies, like...

=over 4

=item B<Perl>

See more at L<http://perl.org/>

=item B<Perl 6>

Learn more at L<http://rakudo.org/>

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

Any options related to this project.

=head1 ARGUMENTS

Maybe some arguments?

C<B<./somescript> I<--option> argument>

=over 4

=item B<--v|version>

Displays version of this project.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Some related information.

Perl 6 code samples ilbrary can be found L<there|https://github.com/perl6/perl6-examples>.

=head1 AUTHORS

Vasyl, basilwashere[at]gmail.com, year-year

=head1 CONTRIBUTING

How to contribute to this project?

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This project is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
